Items:

1. High resolution logo of Knights Templar Oasis for the Hosted By.
    Star and Snake logo here as well?

2. URL scheme will be simpler in the final example:
    Home page: www.liberozfest.com/
    Speakers: www.liberozfest.com/speakers
    Website address will be updated as well to www.liberozfest.com... (casey and Armando to discuss)
    


3. Awesome picture as the header on each page needs to be updated..
   (Maybe Natan has some we can use from Star and Snake)

4. What is Liber Oz page will not be just an image of Liber Oz.
   My plan is to take contents of LiberOZ and place contents as page with
   a brief historical introductory to it (for people who may come across the site)

5. Suggestions for text on home page under the "Get inspired..."

6. Footer of each page needs to be cleaned up and updated.
    Newsletter signup? Social media links?

7. Update or Remove the Privacy | Legal | Language links from footer

8. Lifted Lance Link? Or something.. Jen Knows...

9. Big "Get Tickets" needs to go somwehere... Registration page? or somewhere else.

10. Tickets page.. need to emphasize initiates vs. invited guests , etc. Not sure how the
    registration will be handled so all of this may change on the site.

11. Speakers. Preferred public name. Brief bio? Profile Image (default to Thelemic imagery of some kind?)

12. Schedule, just needs to be updated when we have an actual schedule.

13. Change speaker names to titles of talks

14. Clicking link of talk titles will scroll down to description fo the talk etc.

15. Location. Can add whatever Natan wants to the page for images, text, links, etc.

16. On each page, Have a different quote for each page.. liber oz, crowley etc.

17. Liber Oz Fest logo. Yeah.. Just a hack job, needs to be cleaned up and redone correctly.
    Logo is nothing special. Can totally update or change it entirely.

18. We have about a half of year between the event. We should emphasize the limits.
    e.g. limited to 100 people.

19. Registration. Jen and I discussed handling registration in a couple of steps.
    a. Google Doc form, where they input enough information so that Jen can confirm
       their ability to come.
    b. On successful confirmation, Jen will send a follow up email to solicit payment via PayPal (whatever).
    Will explain on the registration page the process etc.

20. General information email or questions etc. liberozfest@knightstemplar-oto.org
